Sarah's New Kitty  "Meow." Sarah eyes opened wide when she heard that sound coming from the basket her mother was holding. "Mama, what's that sound? It sounds like a kitty!" she said to her mother as she tried to reach the basket. Her mother was holding it up too high for Sarah to reach. "Sarah," her mother said, "remember I told you that maybe we can get a pet if you could take good care of it? Well, you're seven years old now and I think you're ready for a special present." Sarah's mother set the basket on the floor. Sarah fell on her knees with a big grin on her face. She slowly lifted the yellow kitty and held its soft little body next to hers. Sarah gave the kitty a little kiss. Then she rubbed its head and neck. Soon it started making gentle sounds. "Why is the kitty making those funny sounds?" she asked her mother. "Oh, that's called purring. It's the sound kittens make when they're happy," her mother said. "Can I give it a name?" Sarah asked. "Sure. It's a girl kitty, but choose any name you like." her mother said. Sarah thought about it as her mother got two small bowls and placed them on the floor. Then she put water in one bowl and kitten food in the other bowl. "Okay, Sarah. Let's see if the kitty is hungry." Sarah put the kitty on the floor and it walked over to the food bowl. It quickly started to eat the food. Sarah laughed at the kitten and said, "I know. I'm going to name you Kitty." 
one: What did Sarah's mother have in the basket?	A kitty	A puppy	Some food	A bowl
one: How old is Sarah?	8 years old.	7 years old.	9 years old.	10 years old.
multiple: What is the funny sound called that kittens make, and why do they make it?	The funny sound is called barking and kittens make it when they're hungry.	The funny sound is called singing and kittens make it when they're sleepy.	The funny sound is called purring and kittens make it when they're happy.	The funny sound is called laughing and kittens make it when they're sad.
multiple: What did Sarah do before the kitty started purring?	She gave the kitty a doll and rubbed its back and neck.	She gave the kitty a cookie and rubbed its head and belly.	She gave the kitty a kiss and rubbed its head and neck.	She gave the kitty a bowl and rubbed its paws and tail.
