One day there was a six year old little girl named Megan who lived in a big house with her family. She had two dogs, a brother, a sister, and a mom and dad. Every day she woke up and went to kindergarten, played outside, and watched movies. Sometimes her family would go to a rollercoaster park. Her mom would always try to get her to ride the big rides but she was afraid and wanted to stay in Snoopyland. For two years she stayed in the little kid section of the park. Her big brother who had to babysit her was getting mad because she would not try new rides. She cried more and more until one day she got brave. She went on a little bigger musical ride that went around in circles pretty fast. She got off the ride and loved it! Her mom said to her, "Okay, let's go on the big kid rides now!" Megan was afraid again and cried and cried. For the rest of that summer she stayed in the little kid section and went on little rides. The next summer her brother brought his girlfriend home. His girlfriend's name was Sara and she was older, and loved big rides. Megan liked Sara a lot and wanted to make her like her. When Sara asked Megan if she would ride on bigger rides she said yes, and she went on her first real rollercoaster, Thunderhawk. She was frightened at first but when she stepped off the ride she loved it like she had loved the other ride last year! Now was the real test. Sara asked Megan if she wanted to go on the biggest ride in the park. She was afraid but wanted to show Sara how big she was. At the beginning of the ride Megan was afraid and was about to start crying when they went down the first big hill. Her stomach was tickled and she began laughing really loud. She stepped off the ride with a huge smile on her face and was very proud. Megan was no longer afraid of the big rides and enjoyed riding them for the rest of her life. 
one: What was the first big kid ride that Megan rode on?	The musical ride	Snoopyland	Dinoland	Thunderhawk
multiple: Who all tried to get her to ride the bigger rides?	Mom, Sara, dad, and the brother.	Sara, the brother, and the sister.	Mom, Sara, and the brother.	Mom, Sara, and the sister.
one: How many years did Megan stay in the little kid section of the park?	One	Six	Four	Two
multiple: Why did Megan finally got on the big kid rides?	Her mom kept pushing until she finally gave in.	Her big brother yelled at her and took her on a ride.	Her big sister told her to ride one.	She wanted to make Sara like her and seem like a big girl.
