There once was a beautiful princess named Lizzie who lived in a castle in the woods. One day she went for a walk to see if any of the spring flowers had started to bloom. Her mother's birthday was the next day. If there were flowers blooming she would pick some for her mother. Her mother's name was Queen Alice. As she got deeper into the woods she came to a place that had a lot of flowers. There were beautiful lilies growing around the edge of a pond. There were some deer drinking water from the pond. She picked some lilies for her mother, the queen. The lilies were white and yellow and red. She picked 12 lilies for her mother. Lizzie also saw mushrooms growing in the woods. There were birds building a nest in the bushes. Under the bush she saw a paper cup that someone had left. There were beautiful butterflies on the bush, too. The sun was warm so she lay down to rest under the shade of a tree. She fell asleep and as she was sleeping she had a bad dream. She dreamed that as she was walking through the woods. In her dream she tripped over a log and hurt her ankle. She started to cry because she was afraid that nobody would miss her and she would have to sleep in the woods. She heard someone calling her name and was very happy to see her father standing near her. When she opened her eyes she also could see her brother Henry standing near her. She could hear their dog, Daisy, rushing to meet them, too. 
one: What did Lizzie pick for her mother?	Lizzie picked lilies	Lizzie picked a bird's nest	Lizzie picked a paper cup.	Lizzie picked mushrooms
multiple: What did Lizzie see at the edge of the pond?	Lizzie saw a paper cup at the edge of the pond.  Lizzie saw mushrooms at the edge of the pond.	Lizzie saw deer at the edge of the pond.  Lizzie saw flowers at the edge of the pond.	Lizzie saw butterflies at the edge of the pond.  Lizzie saw a bush at the edge of the pond.	Lizzie saw her dog at the edge of the pond.  Lizzie saw her brother at the edge of the pond.
multiple: What did Lizzie dream about?	She dreamed that there was a deer at the edge of the pond and that there were red flowers near the pond.	She dreamed there were no flowers in the woods. She dreamed it was sunny.	She dreamed she tripped over a log and hurt her ankle. She dreamed she was going to have to sleep in the woods.	She dreamed her father found her in the woods. She dreamed she picked mushrooms for her mother.
one: What was Lizzie's dog's name?	Alice	Lizzie	Daisy	Henry
