Once upon a time there was a blue spider named Twinkle Toes. All spiders have to get rid of their old skin in order to grow a new, larger skin. Twinkle Toes was a very special kind of spider because his tenth new skin would be pink instead of blue. When it was time for Twinkle Toes to turn pink, he was very excited, but he was also worried. He was afraid that his best friend, an orange cat named Morty Roo, wouldn't know that the pink spider was Twinkle Toes in his new skin. He was scared that Morty Roo would mistake him for a normal spider who does not change colors. If Morty Roo saw a spider who wasn't Twinkle Toes, he would likely kill the spider and eat it. Twinkle Toes was hoping to tell Morty Roo that he would soon turn pink, but Morty Roo didn't come around to visit that day. Twinkle Toes called over Woofington, the neighbor's dog. Twinkle Toes asked Woofington to please tell Morty Roo that he would be pink after he grew his new skin but would still be the same Twinkle Toes he had always been. Woofington normally liked to chase Morty Roo around the neighborhood. He knew he would have to be nice to Morty Roo to deliver the message and that it would be really hard. Because it was so important to Twinkle Toes, Woofington said he would deliver the message. Woofington had a special respect for spiders because they eat other bugs. Woofington is afraid of other bugs because they could bite him and make him sick. That evening, Twinkle Toes began growing his new, pink skin, and Woofington explained to Morty Roo that he shouldn't eat the pink spider because it was still his old friend. 
multiple: Why did Woofington deliver the message to Morty Roo?	Woofington liked to be a good dog.	Woofington wanted Morty Roo to like him.	Woofington had a special respect for spiders because they eat bugs that could bite him and make him sick.	It would allow Woofington to chase Morty Roo around the neighborhood.
one: What kind of animal is Morty Roo?	A blue spider	An orange cat	A pink spider	A neighborhood dog
multiple: Why was Twinkle Toes afraid of growing his new skin?	He was afraid that people might think he was a girl since he was pink.	He was afraid Morty Roo would mistake him for another spider and eat him.	He was afraid he wouldn't like being pink.	He was afraid his new skin wouldn't fit.
one: Why must a spider get rid of its old skin?	To hide from friends	To grow a new, larger skin	Because he is bored	To change colors
