One sunny May afternoon, a group of teenagers ditched school and went to the mall. June volunteered to drive her friends Ben, Sasha, and Bruce. The teenagers piled into the red car and drove to the mall. When they arrived, Ben and Sasha wanted to go to the sporting goods store. However, Bruce and June wanted to go watch a movie directed by Miranda July. They split up and said they would meet up at the food area later. Three hours later, the friends got back together. Ben and Sasha wanted to leave, so they went back out to the parking lot and got in the car. When June backed out of the parking spot, she scraped the car next to her. Sasha said it was okay, but Bruce said June needed to leave a note for the driver of the other car. Just then, the other driver appeared. They called the police to get an accident report. When the police arrived, they put Ben and Sasha in handcuffs because they had been stealing. They had to volunteer every week until October. 
multiple: Where did the friends go after arriving at the mall?	Ben and Sasha went to the sporting goods store, and June and Bruce went to a movie.	Bruce and June went to the sporting goods store, and Ben and Sasha went to a movie.	Ben and Bruce went to the sporting goods store, and June and Sasha went to a movie.	Bruce and Sasha went to the sporting goods store, and Ben and June went to a movie.
one: What time of year did the story take place?	June	October	July	May
one: Who went to the mall?	Ben, Margaret, Sasha, and Bruce	Ben, Maggie, Sasha, and Bruce	Ben, June, Sasha, and Bruce	Ben, Molly, Sasha, and Bruce
multiple: What happened after the friends left the mall?	Bruce scraped another car when backing out of the parking spot, and Ben and Sasha got in trouble for stealing.	June scraped another car when backing out of the parking spot, and Ben and Sasha got in trouble for stealing.	Ben scraped another car when backing out of the parking spot, and June and Sasha got in trouble for stealing.	Sasha scraped another car when backing out of the parking spot, and Bruce and Ben got in trouble for stealing.
