Johnny walked toward the time machine. His adult neighbor, the scientist, had asked him to watch it for him for the weekend. He had also asked Johnny not to touch it. But it was a time machine. Johnny had to see it. The machine was big and silver and shiny and looked like an ice cream cone that had been dropped. It had a square hole as tall as Johnny and it hummed like a fridge. Johnny took a deep breath and stepped inside. Just a peek, he thought. There were three buttons inside. One said "past," and one said "present." Another said "space." Johnny looked at the buttons. He looked at the buttons some more. He waited and without thinking, his arm jumped out in front of him. He pushed the button that said "past." There was a bright light! And bam! Johnny stepped out of the machine. It was raining, and there were many strange looking trees. The air was warm. The dirt below was muddy. He took a deep breath. "So this is the past," Johnny said. Just then he heard a bump. And another one. The ground shook. The bumps got louder and the ground shook harder. A tree fell. Johnny heard a roar. Two more trees fell. Suddenly, Johnny saw it: A Tyrannosaurus Rex! Johnny was so scared he couldn't breathe. The T. Rex looked up, and left, and right. He sniffed the air and leaned down. He didn't seem to see Johnny. Then Johnny sneezed. And the T. Rex started walking towards him. Faster and faster. Bump. Bump bump. Bumpbumpbumpbump until he was running. Johnny jumped back into the time machine and pressed "present." There was a bright light and Johnny was back home. He took a deep breath. He was home. "Phew," he said. Next time, he would listen to his adult neighbor, he thought. 
one: What kind of dinosaur did Johnny meet?	Johnny did not meet a dinosaur	A friendly dinosaur	A sleepy dinosaur	A T-Rex.
one: What button did Johnny push?	He pushed the button that said "present."	He pushed the button that said "space."	He did not push a button.	He pushed the button that said "past."
multiple: What did the time machine look like?	A silver ice-cream cone with a round hole	A silver triangle with a square hole	A silver ice-cream cone with a square hole	A silver triangle with a round hole
multiple: What did the three buttons say?	Present, space, and Dimension X	There were more than three buttons	Past, present and now	Past, present and space
