The First Day  Seven year old Roberto grabbed his mother's hand as they entered the school. It was his first day at the new school and he was afraid. This school was bigger than the one he went to before, and there were so many kids everywhere. Still, Roberto wondered if he would make any friends here. He was always a little shy, and the few friends he had were now far away in another city. "Here we are," Roberto's mother said as she looked at a classroom door. "Room 118. This is your new classroom, Roberto. Let's go meet your new teacher." They entered the classroom and walked over to the teacher, who was writing on the blackboard. "Hello. I'm Mrs. Cruz," Roberto's mother said as she greeted the teacher with a smile. The teacher looked up and smiled at Mrs. Cruz and said, "I'm Miss Washington. It's nice to meet you Mrs. Cruz." Then she looked at Roberto and said, "Hello. And who is this nice young man?" "This is my son, Roberto. He started at this school today, and is in your class," Mrs. Cruz said as she smiled had put her hand on her son's head. "Well Roberto, class is about to begin and then you can meet all the nice children here," said Miss Washington. "Say goodbye to your mommy and then we can get started." Roberto gave his mother a big kiss and waved goodbye as she left the classroom. Then the teacher took him to his seat at his new desk. Everything went well on that first school day. Roberto made twelve new friends. He ate a good lunch had a banana and popcorn for snacks. Later that afternoon when school was finished, Roberto's mother came and took him home. He told her how much fun his new school was and how he wanted to go back tomorrow. 
one: Why was Roberto afraid?	Because it was his first day at the new school.	Because he ate a good lunch.	Because he made twelve new friends.	Because he met his new teacher.
multiple: What did Miss Washington say when she first saw Roberto and his mother?	"It's nice to meet you" and "say goodbye to your daddy."	"It's nice to meet you" and "you can meet all the nice teachers here."	"It's nice to meet you" and "who is this nice young man?"	"The children here are bad."
multiple: What did Roberto do on his first school day?	He made new friends, ate a good lunch, and had some snacks.	He went to class in room 218.	He kissed his teacher goodbye.	He saw his friends far away in another city.
one: When Roberto and his mother entered the classroom, what was the teacher doing?	She was looking at a classroom door.	She was writing on the blackboard.	She was taking her seat at her new desk.	She was eating lunch.
