Juan and Amy were happy because they were going to help their mom make a cake. They were making the cake for their dad who was returning from a long trip. Amy thought about all the things she wanted to do with her dad when he got back. They would go to the park and he could push her on the swing then they could take their dog for a walk and have a long talk like they used to do. Juan was also thinking about all the things he and his dad could do when he got back. Maybe they could all go to the river like last year and his dad could teach him how to skip stones across the river. They could share hotdogs like last year too. "What are you two doing in here?" Their mom asked. "We are waiting to help you with Dad's cake." Juan said. "Okay, you two get out the yogurt for the frosting and I am going to start the oven to get it warmer." "Oh no! I spilled the punch when Juan was closing the door." Amy cried. "It is okay we can clean that up in no time." Juan said and grabbed the paper towels. Just as their mom was mixing the cake ingredients Juan and Amy heard their dog bark. "Mom! The dog is barking someone is here." Juan said. "Well your dad is not going to be here until this afternoon. You two wait here." She said and walked out of the kitchen. Her husband opened the door and smiled at her. She hugged him and they walked into the kitchen together. "Daddy!" Juan and Amy shouted and ran to hug him. "I missed you guys so I left early." 
multiple: What happened when Juan and Amy went to get the yogurt?	someone came to the door and Amy ran out of the kitchen	the dog started barking and their mom started the oven	their mom hugged their dad and they walked back into the kitchen together.	Juan was closing the door and Amy spilled the punch so Juan got the paper towels to clean up the punch.
one: What did their mom ask them to do to help make the cake?	go see who is at the door	start the oven	Get out the yogurt	stay in the kitchen
one: Why did their dad come before the cake was finished?	Juan and Amy had to go to the river with him.	He wanted to walk the dog.	He missed them so he left his trip early.	He wanted to hug their mom.
multiple: Why were Juan and Amy happy?	They were going on a long trip.	They were going to the river to skip stones and eat hotdogs.	Their dad was coming home from a long trip and they were going to help their mom make him a cake.	They were going to the park to walk the dog and swing.
