Sometimes Karen likes to go to the library. Her friend Michael also likes the library, but her other friend James does not like the library. Karen and Michael like to read about different things. They can learn about things that they don't know much about. They also like to read fun and exciting stories. The librarian, Mr. Hernandez, knows Michael and Karen, because they are in the library a lot. He knows what kind of books they like. When the library gets new books, he tells Karen and Michael about any books that he thinks they would like. James only goes to the library when he has to read a book for class. Mr. Hernandez does not know very much about James, because James does not go to the library often. Karen's favorite books are about airplanes, cars, and trains. She like reading about how fast they can go, and about the workers who build them. When she grows up, she is going to buy a fast car and travel to different states. Michael likes books about dinosaurs, cowboys, and fireworks. When he grows up, he is going to buy a costume and dress up like a cowboy. 
one: What type of books are Karen's favorites?	Books about traveling to different states	Books about airplanes, cars, and trains	Books about dinosaurs, cowboys, and fireworks	Books about librarians
one: What type of books are Michael's favorites?	Books about James and Karen	Books about dressing up like a clown	Books about dinosaurs, cowboys, and fireworks	Books about libraries
multiple: Why do Karen and Michael go to the library?	Because they like the librarian, Mr. Hernandez	There are cowboys who sometimes perform in the library.	To look at the new cars in the parking lot	To learn about things and to read fun and exciting stories
multiple: Why does Mr. Hernandez know what kind of books Michael and Karen like?	Because they are in the library a lot.	Because Karen told him that she liked dinosaurs.	Because James told Mr. Hernandez what books Karen and Michael like.	Because Michael told him that he liked fireworks.
