Tuesdays during the summer tickets are buy one get one free at the city zoo. Jason loves animals, so his dad takes him to the zoo every Tuesday in the summer. This Tuesday Jason's dad is feeling sick so his mommy has to take him to the zoo. There is also a new animal that Jason can't wait to see; a rattle snake. Tuesday morning Jason's mommy wakes him up, and they get in the car to drive to the zoo. On the car ride Jason's favorite song "The Wheels on the Bus" plays on the radio. Jason's mommy turns the radio louder and they sing the song together. When they get to the zoo they go straight to the rattle snake cage, but when they get there they don't see any rattle snakes. They look around for a little bit, and all they see are some eggs. A man who works at the zoo tells them that the rattle snake must be sleeping and that it hides when it sleeps. Jason is sad because he might not get to see the rattle snake today. They walk away from the rattle snake cage and Jason's mommy buys Jason an ice cream cone to cheer him up. After walking around the zoo and seeing other animals like a bear and a monkey, Jason wants to check the rattle snake cage one more time. They get to the cage and to Jason's surprise the rattle snake is awake and moving around. Not only does he get to see the snake, but a baby is being born from one of the eggs too. Jason is very happy and excited about what he saw in the rattle snake cage and can't wait to get home and tell his dad. 
one: Why didn't Jason's dad take him to the zoo this Tuesday?	His dad was at a meeting.	His dad was out of town.	His dad had to work.	His dad was feeling sick.
multiple: What does Jason want to tell his dad about when he gets home?	Singing his favorite song on the way to the zoo.	The man who worked at the zoo.	The ice cream cone that he ate at the zoo.	The baby rattle snake.
one: What is the new animal that Jason can't wait to see at the zoo?	a bear	a monkey	a rattle snake	an alligator
multiple: What does Jason's mom do when he is feeling sad?	She buys him a rattle snake	She takes him to another zoo.	She lets him ride a bear.	She buys him an ice cream cone to cheer him up.
