Hannah Harvey was a ten year old that had many friends in school. She lived in New York and enjoyed doing gymnastics and playing soccer. One day, Hannah came home from school and her parents greeted her. She knew that something was different by the expressions on their faces. Even Jackson, Hannah's dog, was acting different. Hannah asked why everyone was being so strange. Hannah's father, who was known as Pop, explained to Hannah that his job was forcing him to move. Hannah did not seem to think this was too big of a deal. Then, Hannah's mother explained that they were moving to Kenya. Kenya, she explained, was a place in Africa and life would be very different there. As Hannah began to cry thinking about all of her friends at home, Hannah's mother calmed her with a gentle touch. Jackson began howling as Hannah cried, but was also calmed by Hannah's mother. Hannah spent the next two weeks visiting her friends and saying her goodbyes. She did not know the next time she would be home. She cried very hard when she said goodbye to her best friend, Susan. Susan did not quite understand where Kenya was, but promised to visit Hannah. The next day, Hannah boarded a plane with her family. At first, they thought that Jackson could not come with them. However, Hannah worked hard and helped make sure that he had all of his shots so that he could come. After he had them all, the airport said it was OK for Jackson to come! The Harvey family left and off they went across the ocean to begin their new life in Kenya. 
multiple: Why did the airport finally let Jackson come?	Pop argued with the airport workers	He was very sick and needed help	He got all of this shots	There was lots of room on the plane for him
one: Where does Hannah Harvey live?	New York	Jackson	Kenya	Africa
one: What is the name of Hannah's dog?	Susan	Jackson	Pop	Harvey
multiple: Why were Hannah's parents acting different when she got home from school?	Jackson was sick	Susan was moving	Pop lost his job	Her family was moving to Kenya
