A little girl named Sue and her brother Jason got a puppy for Christmas. Their mom knew they had wanted one for some time. Their mom told them they had to take care of the dog. They named the dog Roxy and went out and bought their new puppy bowls, leashes, a dog house, and food. They were so excited to finally have a dog of their own. Every day they would make sure they fed Roxy and took really good care of her. Sue really like brushing her hair and Jason really liked walking her. They loved their puppy. One day their puppy got out and ran away. They looked for Roxy all day. They were so sad. They felt as if they did not take good care of their new puppy and that is why their puppy left. Their mom told them that it would be okay and that they would put lost signs out for the puppy. Jason and Sue got crayons. Sue colored a picture of their new puppy. Jason then put their number on the sign. They then went down the block and hung pictures on poles and after getting all the signs out, they went home to wait to see if someone would call. It did not take long. They had a call that the puppy was found. It was their neighbor Henry. The puppy had followed him in as he was walking to his house. He had never seen the puppy before and knew it must be lost. Sue and Jason were so happy to have their puppy back. They went in the house, fed the puppy, and laid down to watch a movie. When their mom walked in to tell them to go to bed, they were both snuggled with the puppy, sound asleep. 
one: What all did Sue and Jason buy for the new puppy?	They bought their new puppy a dog house, food, bowls, and water	They bought their new puppy food, dog house, dog bone, and leash	They bought the new puppy bowls, leashes, a dog house, and food	They bought their new puppy leashes, brushes, combs and a dog house
one: What did Sue and Jason name their new puppy?	Sue and Jason named their new puppy Rosie	Sue and Jason named their new puppy Ike	Sue and Jason named their new puppy Roxy	Sue and Jason named their new puppy Joe
multiple: How did their neighbor get the puppy?	The puppy had followed him in as he was walking to his house.  He had never seen the puppy before and knew it must be lost.	He called the puppy to his house.  He then took the puppy inside.	He came outside and saw the puppy sitting on the sidewalk.  He wanted to try to give the puppy a home.	The puppy came to his door.  He found her when he heard her bark.
multiple: What did the kids do to try to find their puppy?	Sue colored a picture of their new puppy. Jason then put their number on the sign.	Sue and Jason put out food for the puppy.  The puppy came back home on his own.	They then went down the block and hung pictures on poles and after getting all the signs out, they went home to wait to see if someone would call.  It did not take long.	They sat there and waited to see if anyone would call.  They did not wait long.
