When Sophie woke up that morning, she had no idea where her day was going to take her. She rolled out of bed, turned off her alarm and stretched. She wasn't feeling like herself that morning, but she wasn't sure why. Sophie thought to herself, "I slept well, I ate good food yesterday, and yet I still felt strange". Sophie stepped into the shower feeling so tired. As she toweled herself off and got dressed, she felt like she was moving very slowly. She went to the kitchen and poured herself a glass of orange juice, got a bowl out of the cabinet and filled it with cereal. As Sophie sat at the table to eat her breakfast, she remembered why she wasn't feeling like herself. She remembered that she didn't exercise the day before. She had spent much of the day sitting in front of her television and playing games. Sophie knew that on days that she didn't exercise, she always felt bad the next day. Sophie thought for a second, and then looked at the clock. She had time to do some jumping jacks and run outside around her house before she had to leave for the day. She put on her running shoes and went out the front door. After only a quick bit of exercise, Sophie was feeling much better. She promised herself that she would never forget to exercise again. 
multiple: What kind of exercises did Sophie do?	Jumping jacks and running.	Stretching when she got out of bed.	Sophie didn't exercise because she didn't have time.	Sitting in front of her television and playing games.
multiple: What did Sophie have for breakfast?	Sophie had orange juice and oatmeal.	Sophie had apple juice and cereal.	Sophie had orange juice and eggs.	Sophie had orange juice and cereal.
one: What was the first thing Sophie did after she got dressed?	She poured herself orange juice.	She put on her running shoes.	She went to the kitchen.	She thought for a second and then looked at the clock.
one: Why did Sophie feel strange that morning?	Because she ate bad food the day before.	Because she drank orange juice.	Because she forgot to exercise.	Because she didn't sleep well.
