Tony was riding his bike home from school. Then he saw Cindy riding her bike in front of him. Tony yelled, "Hey, Cindy!" Then he rode faster to catch up with her. Cindy said, "Tony! Hey! Where are you going?" "I'm going to the empty lot on Maple Street to ride my bike. The other kids are going to be there. Do you want to come?" "Sure," said Cindy. Tony and Cindy rode to Maple Street, to the empty lot. The empty lot did not have a house on it. Instead, it had big hills of dirt, and it had trees cut down on the ground. There was a low part that became a pond after it rained. The lot had been empty for a couple of years, because times were bad and the builder couldn't find a buyer for another house. The kids had ridden their bikes over the hills of dirt, around the cut trees, and through the muddy pond. There were bike trails all over the empty lot. There were even places where the kids could jump their bikes. There were three other children riding their bikes at the empty lot when Tony and Cindy arrived: Lana, Billy and Chris. Cindy said, "I am calling my mom to let her know that I'm here." Tony said, "That's a good idea. Can I use your phone when you're done?" Cindy said "Sure! Keep it for now. I'm going to go on the jump path. I was scared to try it last time. I don't want to break my phone if I fall. I'm leaving my backpack here, too." "Okay." said Tony. "I'll watch. You'll do good." 
one: Why did Cindy leave her phone with Tony?	It was too heavy	It was old	She didn't want to break it	It was in her backpack
one: Which kids were riding their bikes at the empty lot when Tony and Cindy got there?	Tony and Cindy	Billy, Chris and Lana	Lana, Cindy and Billy	Just Chris
multiple: When Tony saw Cindy riding her bike, she was most likely	On her way to a softball team practice	On her way home from school	On her way to the store for milk	Going for a weekend ride
multiple: Will Cindy's mom let her ride her bike at the empty lot?	No	Yes	Only if Cindy doesn't try to jump her bike	You can't tell from the story
