June and Michelle were playing outside in their yard on a winter day. Michelle was making pies and cakes out of mud. June was writing her ABCs in the sand with a button she found. June's mom told the girls they were going to the store soon and not to get dirty. Michelle knew she would get in trouble but she kept playing in the dirt because she liked pretending to cook. Her mom cooked and Michelle wanted to be grown-up like her mom. June looked down at her blue jeans and saw the dirt. "Oh No!" she said to Michelle. Michelle looked down at the mud on her shoes and shirt. She smiled, "Mommy says cooking is messy business!" "What are we going to do? Mom is going to be so mad!" June worried. "We can tell her we were thinking as we played, she always says school is not only a place." Michelle said. "That won't work!" June cried. "Wait! I have an idea." Michelle said as she wiped her hands on the back of her blue jeans. Michelle walked over to June's fence and pulled out the prettiest prized purple flowers from the bush. June looked at her friend more worried. Michelle walked past June and knocked on the door with the purple flowers in her hand and a big smile on her face. Mrs. Jones answered the door looking mad. Before she could say anything Michelle said, "Look Mrs. Jones we picked you flowers and June did her ABCs." Mrs. Jones wanted to be mad at them but their smiles warmed her heart. "Thank you dear. Please go change clothes and rinse off for our trip to the store. The girls walked in the house leaving a trail of mud on the floor. 
multiple: What was Michelle's idea?	She went to town	She wrote her ABCs	She left a trail of mud on the floor	She picked purple flowers off of a bush to give to Mrs. Jones
multiple: Why was June worried when she looked at her blue jeans?	Michelle was making pies	She had dirt on her and her mom said not to get dirty	She wanted purple flowers	Her mommy said cooking was messy business
one: Why did June think her Mom would be mad?	She got mud in her eye	Michelle ate pies out of mud	She picked her mom's purple flowers	She had dirt on her blue jeans
multiple: What were the girls doing outside in the yard at the beginning of the story?	making pies and going to town	going to the store and picking flowers	making pies and cakes and writing their ABCs in the dirt.	singing about the store and tying their shoes
