There once was a beautiful, brown puppy who loved her life. Her name was Tori. Every morning, Patty brushed out her fur and feeds Tori her favorite breakfast. One Tuesday morning, Patty had an early errand and forgot all about Tori. Tori was sad, but chose to make the best of it, and leaped out of her doggy door to play in her backyard outside. As she was playing with her favorite ball, Tori saw an opening in the fence. Excited, she ran over to the fence and squeezed out. She had never been on the street by herself before. Tori ran down the sidewalk, and happily barked at all the other dogs she passed. She loved to wag her tail in the summer breeze and was having a great time. All of a sudden, Tori was picked up by Ben and Mike, and thrown into a truck. She was lost and confused. Poor Tori didn't know what to do! The truck pulled up to a building with a big sign that said "Animal Control". Tori knew this was the place that people keep animals who are lost on the street. Once the workers took her inside, they put her into a cage. She was scared that Patty wouldn't know where to find her, but she knew Patty's phone number was on her collar. She barked and barked to get the worker's attention, but no one seemed to pay her any attention. After two long hours, a tall man, named Joe, opened up her cage and looked at the charm on her collar. He smiled at Tori and gave her a pat on the head. Patty was there quickly, and gave Tori a big hug. She was so happy to see her puppy again. Tori learned to never escape the backyard again and lived happily ever after with Patty. 
multiple: Who took Tori to Animal Control?	Patty and Ben	Ben and Joe	Mike and Joe	Ben and Mike
multiple: Where was the puppy placed to wait to be picked up?	In a cage at an Animal Control center.	On the street.	In her backyard outside.	On the sidewalk.
multiple: Where was Tori playing with her favorite ball?	On the sidewalk.	At Animal Control.	In her backyard.	In the truck.
one: Who opened Tori's cage?	Mike	Patty	Ben	Joe
