I was really scared walking into school today. It was the first day of sixth grade and I was excited to be leaving elementary school, but I ended up going to a different middle school than all my friends since I moved across town last year. My name is Matt, but I'm going to try and not let anyone else know that as I'd rather sit in the back and keep to myself. I didn't want to ride the bus, so my mom said she would drive me there for today. Thankfully I found my classroom, but I walked in and saw nobody I knew, as I thought. I took a seat at an empty table as the teacher, Mrs. Frank took roll call. She seemed nice, and I'm happy we weren't told to sit in alphabetical order or by boys to boys and girls to girls, as I was free to sit by myself for now. Mrs. Frank called out Jimmy, Sally, Linda, Jason, and then finally got to my name in which I raised my hand quickly. As soon as she was done, a few of the kids who arrived late came to sit by me and said their names were Martin and Mark. Martin said he liked how our names all sounded the same, and Mark seconded that as we started talking before class began. When it was time to eat, we all said we would sit with one another in the lunch room, and also when it came to recess and playing together. It was nice to have some friends after being so nervous earlier, and see that everything does work out in the end. Hopefully soon we can all play together outside of class, but as far as today, it was a great start! 
multiple: Why did Martin and Mark sit near Matt?	They arrived late to class and other seats were filled	The class was placed in alphabetical order	The boys had to sit with other boys and girls with other girls	They all had names that sounded alike
one: Which of the following is not a student's name in Matt's class?	Linda	Jason	Frank	Sally
multiple: Why did Matt not want to start the sixth grade?	He wanted to take the bus, but his mom drove him	He had to go to a new school after he moved across town	He didn't like his teacher	He didn't want to leave elementary school
multiple: Which of the following did Martin, Matt, and Mark not do together on the first day of sixth grade?	See each other outside of school	Sit together in class	Play during recess	Eat lunch in the lunch room
