Millie thought she would like to stop eating meat, but she didn't know if she could do it. Once, when she was younger, she had tried to go without eating meat, but before the first day was over, her stomach had felt a little empty. "Hmm," she had thought. "Maybe it's not good for me to stop eating meat. Maybe that's why I feel so hungry." But, now, she wondered if there was anything she could do so she wouldn't feel so hungry, even if she did stop eating meat. She went to the library, and there, she saw a magazine. Below the title, the cover said, "Learn to live on vegetables!" She read in the magazine that it was good to change her meal plan slowly. If she really felt hungry for a little meat, the magazine said, it was okay to have some, and then go back to eating her veggies. She also read that beans could give her body a lot of the same things meat could, but that eating things like rice and noodles would help the beans do a better job of building her body and giving it energy. That way, she would feel better, instead of feeling so hungry! Millie wasn't sure if it would work this time, but the magazine's tips made her want to give it another try! 
multiple: What did she read about in the magazine?	That eating rice and noodles helped beans to help Millie not feel hungry.	Both C) and D)	That it was okay to have a little meat and then go back to eating her veggies.	That not eating meat was bad for her.
multiple: Why did Millie think she felt hungry?	Because she ate beans and noodles.	Because she gave it another try.	Because she changed her meal plan slowly.	Because it might not be good for her to stop eating meat.
one: What did Millie think after reading the magazine?	She wasn't sure it would work, but she wanted to give it another try.	She felt really hungry.	She wanted to go to the library.	She wondered if there was anything she could do to feel better without eating meat.
one: What did Millie find at the library?	A magazine.	Beans.	A better job.	Rice and noodles.
