Harry was a good hamster. He would run on the wheel in his cage every day. On Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and on the weekends, his master would even put him a plastic ball that allowed him to run all across the house, as long as he stayed in the ball. Harry loved the plastic ball, and he even liked his master, but Harry wanted to see the outside of the orange house he had lived in for as long as he could remember. He wanted to feel the rain on his fur, wanted to eat wild seeds that fell from the tree. He wanted to be free! He would watch the flowers come up in the spring from his window, and the snow fall in the winters, always wanting to know what the seasons felt like. \tab  One Tuesday morning in the summer, Harry woke up to the sun shining down into his cage in the middle of the room that he stayed in. "Today is the day I see the world!" Harry yelled to himself. He waited for his master to put him in his plastic ball. He thought as long as he could make it to the door, he would be free. His master soon came into the room, slowly picked Harry out of the cage, put Harry inside his ball, and closed the lid. Just to put on a show, Harry walked around the room in his ball until his master had left. As soon as his master shut the door, Harry took off towards the outside! He ran towards the door, slipped through the doggy door, and rolled himself outside. He was free! He could see the large trees, and the high grass. Harry looked around, and knew he had found his place in the world. 
multiple: What day of the week did Harry escape?	He escaped on a Wednesday	He escaped on a Tuesday	He escaped on a Thursday	He escaped on the weekend
multiple: Why did Harry want to leave his house?	He didn't like his master.	He wanted to leave his house so he could feel the rain and eat wild seeds. He also wanted to be free	He didn't like his cage.	He wanted to find a friend.
one: How did Harry get out the door?	He went out the doggy door.	He never got out the door.	He broke the door down.	The master left the door open.
one: In what Season did Harry escape?	Summer	Winter	Spring	Fall
