Randan's parents surprised her one day by bring home a small bunny. This was the first pet she had, so she started to shout and scream happily right when she saw it. After having keeping it in a cage in the house for a couple hours, she tried to take it outside to play. That was when everything went wrong. After she stepped outside, the cage fell and her thumb accidentally opened the cage, and the bunny ran away. Randan got very sad, but the bunny sounded like it was singing as it ran off. Later that night, Randan was still sad about the bunny as she was lying on her bed. All of a sudden, she heard a loud bang so everybody ran outside. They found the trash can tipped over and a lot of the food ate from it. Her dad wondered who did it, and Randan wondered if it was the bunny that ran away. She said to herself that it could not have done it. The bunny was way too small to even shake a trashcan. Nothing special happened for the rest of the week, until they heard a strange noise on another night. This time, only Randan and her Dad went outside to check out what the noise was. When they made it outside, they saw an animal the size of a bear digging in their yard before it went deep. Before they even knew it, they heard their mama screaming from inside the house. They both looked in the window to see the bunny cornering the mama, but it had grown ten times bigger and looked angry. The dad quickly gave Randan a magical glove that makes her grip one million times stronger. The dad got some glue and made the bunny's butt stuck on the carpet. Randan grabbed the bunny by the leg and threw it to space. 
multiple: When was the first and second time the bunny came back?	At night on the same day, and a week later	The bunny did not come back	At night on the same day and the next night	At night on the same day and never again
multiple: How did they get rid of the bunny the second time?	They trapped it in a trashcan	They glued it stuck then threw it to space with a magic glove	They dug a deep hole and trapped it in it	They sang badly to it until it ran away
one: How did the bunny escape?	It escaped by digging through the ground	Randan let it go after it ate too much food	It singed to Randan until she let it go	The accidentally got opened when it fell
one: How big was the bunny at first?	size of a trashcan	size of a bear	million times bigger than Randan	small
