Tim Goes To The Beach  Today was exciting. Tim's mom was taking him and his little sisters, Rebecca and Georgia, to the beach! They were going to go swimming. Then they were also going to have a picnic lunch on the beach. After their picnic lunch, Tim's mom was going to light a campfire and they were going to eat toasted marshmallows. Tim and his mom and his two little sisters hopped into the van. His little sisters were both very blonde and pretty little girls. They were only 4 years old. Because they lived in the city, they had a short drive to get to the beach. To pass the time, Tim played Eye Spy with his mother as they drove for a bit. Once they had gotten bored with Eye Spy, they played 20 Questions. Tim would think of something, and his mother would ask him questions to try and guess what it was. When they got to the beach, it was warm, and sunny. The salt water was warm, and the waves lapped up on the shore. It made a lovely noise. It also felt great on Tim's toes, and his little sisters giggled when the waves hit them. When they had had their fill of swimming, Tim's mom had them sit down to a nice dinner. They ate and ate. They ate macaroni salad. Then they ate some cold chicken. They also had lemon pie for dessert. Tim's mom started a fire, and they spent the rest of the evening as the sun set eating toasted marshmallows and singing campfire songs. Tim thought it was a very good day. 
one: Why was Tim's day exciting?	Tim and his mother and two little sisters were going to the beach.	Tim and his little sisters were going to have a campfire in the backyard.	Tim and his mother were going to the swimming pool.	Rebecca and Georgia, Tim's sisters, were taking him to the beach.
multiple: Did Tim do anything to pass the time in the van during the trip?	Tim asked his sisters questions in the van.	Tim played Eye Spy, and 20 Questions with his mother in the van.	Tim did not do anything to pass the time.	Tim played Eye Spy with his sisters in the van.
multiple: What did Tim's family have for a picnic on the beach?	Tim's family had lemon chicken, macaroni, and a pie for dessert.	Tim's family had cold chicken, macaroni salad, and lemon pie for dessert.	Tim's family had macaroni and cheese, chicken, and a lemon pie for dessert.	Tim's family had chicken salad, and lemon pie for dessert.
multiple: What was the water like when the family reached the beach?	The water was warm, and made a lovely sound when it lapped up on the shore, and it also felt great on Tim's toes.	The water was hot when they went swimming.	The water was full of seaweed.	The water was cold.
