Lulu is a little dog. She likes to play with her toys. She really likes her little lamb. She likes when Lauren throws her lamb. Lulu likes to chases the lamb. Lulu doesn't like to bring the lamb back to Lauren. Lauren gets mad. Lulu likes to bark. She barks at the children outside. She barks when the mailman comes to the door. Lulu barks at everything. Lulu barks all the time. Daddy gets mad. Lulu likes to eat. She likes her dog food. Her dog food has a picture of dog that looks like her on the bag. Lulu likes her food, but she likes the cat's food better. The cat gets mad. Lulu likes to drink water. Her favorite water bowl is in her cage. Lulu likes that water bowl because it's the right height. Lulu likes her water bowl, but she likes Heather's glass of water better. Heather gets mad. Lulu likes her bed. She goes there to rest. She likes to sleep on the blanket there. Her favorite blanket is from Grandma. Lulu likes Grandma's blanket, but she likes Alan's better. Alan gets mad. Lulu curls up on the blanket on the couch. Lauren gives Lulu her lamb to sleep with. Daddy pets Lulu. The cat licks Lulu. Heather thinks Lulu looks sweet. Alan lets Lulu use his blanket. No one gets mad at Lulu. 
one: Where is Lulu's favorite water bowl?	her favorite water bowl is the fish bowl	her favorite water bowl is on the kitchen floor	her favorite water bowl is in her cage	her favorite water bowl is the cat's water bowl
multiple: Why does Daddy get mad?	Lulu never brings her lamb to him when they play fetch	Lulu drinks from Daddy's water glass	Lulu steals Daddy's blanket	Lulu barks at everything and she barks all the time
multiple: What do Lauren and Alan give to Lulu to sleep with?	Lauren gives Lulu her doll and Alan gives Lulu his scarf	Lauren gives her a toy cat and Alan gives her Grandma's blanket	Lauren gives her the lamb and Alan gives her his blanket	Lauren gives Lulu her blanket and Alan gives her the lamb
one: What toy does Lulu like to play with?	Alan's toy dog	her ball	her blanket	her lamb
