Luna the hawk wanted some socks. It was the middle of winter and sitting on tree branches made her feet very cold. Luna hoped that her friends could help her find some socks. She flew to the old maple tree where Olive the owl lived. "Olive, may I please borrow a pair of your socks?" she asked. Olive the owl looked surprised. "Luna, I have no use for socks because my legs and toes have thick feathers. Go visit one of the animals that walk on four legs. They might have extra socks you could borrow." Luna flew across the field and landed next to the icy creek. Rose the raccoon was teaching her six babies how to wash their paws. The water was very cold, but the babies were having fun. "Rose, my bare legs and bare toes are so cold, may I please borrow a pair of your socks?" begged Luna. Rose laughed hard. "Silly Luna, I do not have socks. Look at my legs and feet. They are covered with thick, warm fur. I'm sorry I cannot help you. Go visit the humans. Sometimes I tip over their garbage cans at night when I am looking for food. Once I saw a pair of socks." Luna was very afraid of humans. Her grandmother and mother had warned her about them. She was told that some humans are mean and hurt hawks. Her feet were so cold that it was difficult to grip tree branches. She became brave. She flew to the farmhouse on the big hill. When she landed on the roof, she could not believe her eyes. She saw socks! In late autumn, Henrietta the human had put laundry outside to dry and she had forgotten to bring in one tiny pair of socks. The socks were hanging on the clothesline by two wooden pins. Luna used her powerful beak to break the pins. She put on the socks and then flew back to her home in the huge tree. When she landed, her feet were warm and dry. Luna was very happy. 
one: Why did Olive the owl not have any socks?	She had given her socks to another friend.	All of her socks were in the dirty laundry.	She has thick feathers on her legs and toes.	She wore ski boots instead of socks.
multiple: Why was Luna afraid of humans?	Her grandmother and mother had told stories about mean humans hurting hawks.	Humans were large and scary-looking.	Humans put garbage in the hawks' nests.	Humans stole all of the hawks' food.
multiple: Which animal did Luna not visit?	Olive the owl	Rose the raccoon	Opal the otter	Henrietta the human
multiple: How could the baby raccoons play in the icy creek without hurting their paws?	Because their mother made sure they had warm mittens to keep their paws dry.	Because their mother taught them how to play in the water without getting cold.	Because their legs and feet are tough from tipping over garbage cans.	Because their legs and feet have a thick covering of fur that keeps them warm.
