Douglas loves to play soccer. He plays for the Dolphins. He is very good. He was excited about the big game with the Lions. The night before the game, he went to bed late. He was watching three TV shows that night. First, was Muffins the Cat. The second show was Ernie the Talking Donkey. The third was Laughing with Herman Hamster. His Mom told him to go to bed, but Douglas didn't listen. He fell asleep on the couch. He dreamed all night. First about sheep jumping fences. Second about playing fetch the ball with Ruffles. Third about Ernie the talking Donkey kicking a soccer ball over the moon. Fourth about his favorite soccer player, Pele, head the ball in the goal. Finally, the next morning, Douglas got up late because he was so tired. His Mom called him and the alarm went off, but he did not hear. To get Douglas up, his Mom got Ruffles the dog to lick him in the face. Douglas got up but had to eat breakfast fast. Then he quickly dressed into his uniform. He was yawning. His Mom drove him to the soccer field. The game had started. Douglas had to sit out the first quarter. His team was losing one to nothing when Howard scored for the Lions. Douglas started the second quarter. He was tired and could not keep up with the rest of his team. The coach was surprised that Douglas was so slow. Usually he was fast. After the second quarter, the Dolphins were losing two to one after Howard scored again for the Lions and Toby scored a goal for the Dolphins. While the coach gave energy drinks to the team, Douglas fell asleep. The third quarter started. Douglas was snoring when the coach told him to go in. When he saw Douglas was sleeping, he sent Billy into the game. Billy scored one goal and the Dolphins had tied the game two to two. Ruffles the dog started barking and then licking Douglas in the face. Douglas got up and stretched. He was finally well rested. The coach saw Douglas and sent him into the game. Douglas remembered his dream. In the last second, he headed the ball in the goal like Pele. He won the game. The team cheered. Since that time, Douglas goes to bed on time. He always wants to be well rested. His Mom was right. He gave her a hug. 
multiple: What dream helped Douglas win the game?	He dreamed about Ernie the donkey kick the ball over the moon.	He dreamed about Pele heading the ball in the goal.	He dreamed about Ruffles fetching the ball.	He dreamed about sheep jumping over fences.
one: Who woke Douglas up by licking him in the face?	Muffin the cat.	Herman the hamster.	Ernie the donkey.	Ruffles the dog.
multiple: How many points did the Dolphins score and who scored the goals?	They scored two points.  Ruffles and Billy scored.	They scored three points.  Toby, Billy and Douglas scored.	They scored five points. Howard, Billy, Ruffles, Douglas, and Billy scored.	They scored one point.  Toby scored.
one: What game does Douglas love to play?	Douglas loves to play baseball.	Douglas loves to play soccer.	Douglas loves to play basketball.	Douglas loves to play cards.
